add doc for multiple changefeeds and edit changefeed for tidb cloud (#11709)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/changefeed-overview.md

# Changefeed

> **Note:**
>
> To use the Changefeed feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is v6.4.0 or later and the TiKV node size is at least 8 vCPU and 16 GiB.
>
> Currently, tidb cloud only allows up to 10 changefeeds per cluster, regardless of kafka and mysql sink types.
>
> For [Serverless Tier clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#serverless-tier-beta), the changefeed feature is unavailable.

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a few sentences to introduce changefeed? For example, what is changefeed, how can it help your business...

Author: Yes

> Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of your TiDB cluster and you can see the changefeed list. In the changefeed list, you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of your TiDB cluster and you can see the changefeed list. In the changefeed list, you can:
```

- View the information of the created changefeed, including changefeed's id, checkpoint, status.

> - Operate the changefeed, including pause, resume, edit, and delete the changefeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Operate the changefeed, including creating, pausing, resuming, editing, and deleting the changefeed.
```

## Create Changefeed

TiDB Cloud provides the following changefeeds to help you stream data from TiDB Cloud. To create a changefeed, please refer to the tutorial:

- [Sink to Apache Kafka](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md) (Beta)
- [Sink to MySQL](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-mysql.md)

## Delete a Sink

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.
2. Click the **Action... > Delete** of the corresponding Changefeed in Changefeed list.

## Pause or resume a Sink

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.
2. Click the **Action... > Pause/Resume** of the corresponding Changefeed in Changefeed list.

> ## Edit a MySQL sink

Author: ```suggestion
## Edit a sink
```

> ## Edit a MySQL sink

Reviewer: Can we move this section to `tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-mysql.md`?

Author: I change it to `edit a sink`

# Changefeed

> TiDB Cloud Changefeed help you stream data from TiDB Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud Changefeed help you stream data from TiDB Cloud to your MySQL/Kafka.
```

> TiDB Cloud Changefeed help you stream data from TiDB Cloud to your MySQL/Kafka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud Changefeed helps you stream data from TiDB Cloud to other data services. Currently, TiDB Cloud supports streaming data to MySQL and Kafka.
```

> TiDB Cloud provides the following changefeeds to help you stream data from TiDB Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud Changefeed help you stream data from TiDB Cloud.
```

> TiDB Cloud Changefeed helps you stream data from TiDB Cloud to other data services. Currently, TiDB Cloud supports streaming data to MySQL and Kafka.

Reviewer: 除了 UI 上的文字，其他情况下请保持 changefeed 首字母小写。
```suggestion
TiDB Cloud changefeed helps you stream data from TiDB Cloud to other data services. Currently, TiDB Cloud supports streaming data to MySQL and Kafka.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > To use the Changefeed feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is v6.4.0 or later and the TiKV node size is at least 8 vCPU and 16 GiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To use the changefeed feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is v6.4.0 or later and the TiKV node size is at least 8 vCPU and 16 GiB.
```

>
> Currently, TiDB Cloud only allows up to 10 changefeeds per cluster.
>
> For [Serverless Tier clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#serverless-tier-beta), the changefeed feature is unavailable.

> Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of your TiDB cluster and you can see the changefeed list. In the changefeed list, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of your TiDB cluster, and you can see the changefeed list. In the changefeed list, you can:
```

> Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of your TiDB cluster, and you can see the changefeed list. In the changefeed list, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the changefeed feature, navigate to the **Cluster Overview** page of your TiDB cluster and click **Changefeed** on the left navigation bar. The changefeed list is displayed. 

In the changefeed list, you can:
```

> - View the information of the created changefeed, including changefeed's id, checkpoint, status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View the information of the created changefeed, including changefeed's id, checkpoint, and status.
```

- Operate the changefeed, including creating, pausing, resuming, editing, and deleting the changefeed.

## Create Changefeed

To create a changefeed, refer to the tutorials:

- [Sink to Apache Kafka](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md) (Beta)
- [Sink to MySQL](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-mysql.md)

> ## Delete a Sink

Reviewer: @IANTHEREAL PTAL.

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.

> 2. Click the **Action... > Delete** of the corresponding Changefeed in Changefeed list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Action...** > **Delete** on the corresponding Changefeed in the Changefeed list.
```

> 2. Click **Action...** > **Delete** on the corresponding Changefeed in the Changefeed list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Action...** > **Delete** on the corresponding changefeed in the changefeed list.
```

## Pause or resume a Sink

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.

> 2. Click the **Action... > Pause/Resume** of the corresponding Changefeed in Changefeed list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Action...** > **Pause/Resume** on the corresponding Changefeed in the Changefeed list.
```

> 2. Click **Action...** > **Pause/Resume** on the corresponding Changefeed in the Changefeed list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Action...** > **Pause/Resume** on the corresponding changefeed in the changefeed list.
```

## Edit a sink

> **Note:**
>

> > TiDB Cloud currently only allows editing of changefeeds in the paused status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TiDB Cloud currently only allows editing changefeeds in the paused status.
```

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.

> 2. Click the **Action... > Pause**  to pause the corresponding Changefeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Action...** > **Pause** to pause the corresponding Changefeed.
```

> 3. When the changefeed status changes to paused, click the **Action... > edit**  to edit the corresponding Changefeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When the changefeed status changes to `paused`, click **Action...** > **Edit**  to edit the corresponding Changefeed.
```

> 2. Click **Action...** > **Pause** to pause the corresponding Changefeed.
> 3. When the changefeed status changes to `paused`, click **Action...** > **Edit**  to edit the corresponding Changefeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Action...** > **Pause** to pause the corresponding changefeed.
3. When the changefeed status changes to `Paused`, click **Action...** > **Edit**  to edit the corresponding changefeed.
```

>     TiDB Cloud populates the changefeed configuration by default, the configurations that can be modified include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    TiDB Cloud populates the changefeed configuration by default. You can modify the following configurations:
```

>     - **MySQL Connection** and **Table Filter** configurations for MySQL sink.
>     - all configurations for Kafka sink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - MySQL sink: **MySQL Connection** and **Table Filter**.
    - Kafka sink: all configurations.
```

> 4. After editing, click the **Action... > Resume**  to resume the corresponding Changefeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After editing the configuration, click **Action...** > **Resume**  to resume the corresponding Changefeed.
```

> 4. After editing the configuration, click **Action...** > **Resume**  to resume the corresponding Changefeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After editing the configuration, click **Action...** > **Resume** to resume the corresponding changefeed.
```

> **Note:**
>
> To use the changefeed feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is v6.4.0 or later and the TiKV node size is at least 8 vCPU and 16 GiB.
>
> Currently, TiDB Cloud only allows up to 10 changefeeds per cluster.
>
> For [Serverless Tier clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#serverless-tier-beta), the changefeed feature is unavailable.

To access the changefeed feature, navigate to the **Cluster Overview** page of your TiDB cluster and click **Changefeed** on the left navigation bar. The changefeed list is displayed. 

In the changefeed list, you can:

- View the information of the created changefeed, including changefeed's id, checkpoint, and status.
- Operate the changefeed, including creating, pausing, resuming, editing, and deleting the changefeed.

## Create Changefeed

To create a changefeed, refer to the tutorials:

- [Sink to Apache Kafka](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md) (Beta)
- [Sink to MySQL](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-mysql.md)

## Delete a Sink

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.

> 2. Click **Action...** > **Delete** on the corresponding changefeed in the changefeed list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Locate the corresponding changefeed you want to delete, click **...** > **Delete** in the **Action** column.
```

> ## Pause or resume a sink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pause or resume a changefeed
```

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.

> 2. Click **Action...** > **Pause/Resume** on the corresponding changefeed in the changefeed list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Locate the corresponding changefeed you want to pause or resume, and click **...** > **Pause/Resume** in the **Action** column.
```

> 2. Click **Action...** > **Pause/Resume** on the corresponding changefeed in the changefeed list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Locate the changefeed you want to pause or resume, and click **...** > **Pause/Resume** in the **Action** column.
```

> 2. Click **Action...** > **Pause/Resume** on the corresponding changefeed in the changefeed list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Locate the changefeed you want to pause or resume, and click **...** > **Pause/Resume** in the **Action** column.
```

> ## Edit a sink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edit a changefeed
```

> **Note:**
>
> TiDB Cloud currently only allows editing changefeeds in the paused status.

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.

> 2. Click **Action...** > **Pause** to pause the corresponding changefeed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Locate the changefeed you want to pause, and click **...** > **Pause** in the **Action** column.
```

> 3. When the changefeed status changes to `Paused`, click **Action...** > **Edit**  to edit the corresponding changefeed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. When the changefeed status changes to `Paused`, click **Action...** > **Edit** to edit the corresponding changefeed.
```

> 3. When the changefeed status changes to `Paused`, click **Action...** > **Edit** to edit the corresponding changefeed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. When the changefeed status changes to `Paused`, click **...** > **Edit** to edit the corresponding changefeed.
```

    TiDB Cloud populates the changefeed configuration by default. You can modify the following configurations:

    - MySQL sink: **MySQL Connection** and **Table Filter**.
    - Kafka sink: all configurations.

4. After editing the configuration, click **Action...** > **Resume** to resume the corresponding changefeed.

## Query TiCDC RCUs

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.
2. You can see the current TiCDC Replication Capacity Units (RCUs) in the upper-right corner of the page.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Changefeed billing

```

To create a changefeed, refer to the tutorials:

- [Sink to Apache Kafka](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md) (Beta)
- [Sink to MySQL](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-mysql.md)

## Delete a changefeed

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.
2. Locate the corresponding changefeed you want to delete, and click **...** > **Delete** in the **Action** column.

## Pause or resume a changefeed

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.
2. Locate the corresponding changefeed you want to pause or resume, and click **...** > **Pause/Resume** in the **Action** column.

## Edit a changefeed

> **Note:**
>
> TiDB Cloud currently only allows editing changefeeds in the paused status.

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.
2. Locate the changefeed you want to pause, and click **...** > **Pause** in the **Action** column.
3. When the changefeed status changes to `Paused`, click **...** > **Edit** to edit the corresponding changefeed.

    TiDB Cloud populates the changefeed configuration by default. You can modify the following configurations:

    - MySQL sink: **MySQL Connection** and **Table Filter**.
    - Kafka sink: all configurations.

> 4. After editing the configuration, click **Action...** > **Resume** to resume the corresponding changefeed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. After editing the configuration, click **...** > **Resume** to resume the corresponding changefeed.
```

## Query TiCDC RCUs

1. Navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of a cluster.

> 2. You can see the current TiCDC Replication Capacity Units (RCUs) in the upper-right corner of the page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. You can see the current TiCDC Replication Capacity Units (RCUs) in the upper-left corner of the page.
```
<img width="926" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60599231/209630630-60134eed-3a4b-4d3f-bd3c-7af2c7a37b49.png">
